## ✨ FEATURES

### Deprecated Fallback and Config Keys

> [!IMPORTANT]
> We have deprecated some keys in the fallback file. `only_home` and `home` are
> not combined in the home key with the following values: `"Home"`,
> `"OnlyHome"`, and `"Search" (default)`
>
> Additionally, we **REWORKED THE CONFIG FILE.** This may cause problems with
> your current setup. We suggest that you recreate them with `sherlock init
> <optional path>`.
> Some of the changes include:
>
> 1. Moved multiple keys to own sections (Caching, Status Bar, SearchIcons)
> 2. Moved multiple keys into other sections (Some keys from behavior better
>    fit with runtime settings, which was later added)
> 3. Deprecated keybinds: (`prev` and `next` are now `up`, `down`, `left`, and `right`)
>
> We are sorry for the inconvenience!

### Pomodoro Timer

Sherlock now has a pomodoro timer. This is a launcher depending on another
binary, which can be downloaded
[here](https://github.com/Skxxtz/sherlock-pomodoro). This binary handles the
timer in the background so that Sherlock does not have to stay running. The
`sherlock-pomodoro` program sits at about 1.9M ram usage and is dormant for most
of the time. This makes it use extremely few resources.

### Emoji Picker Rework

The emoji picker was reworked completely:

**Skin Tones**
Previously, Sherlock would display each skin tone variant of an emoji
separately. This resulted in a bunch of unnecessary emojis cluttering the
search. Sherlock now supports the `default_skin_tone` argument in the launchers
definition.

**New Labels**
The search is vastly improved though expansion of their labels. For example:
`Face in Clouds` → `Face in Clouds;Incognito;Vanishing;Fog`.

**New Design**
Each emoji tile is now bigger and shows the emojies name in the bottom.

**Submenu**
The emoji picker is now compatible with the `--sub-menu` flag, allowing it to
be started immediately

### Custom Binds and Inner Functions

This new feature allows users to create custom binds for launchers. Some
launchers will provide `inner functions` which can be bound to custom keys via
the their related `binds` section in the `fallback.json` file. These functions
can also be used in the actions to be used in conjunction with the context
menu. You can refer to the pomodoro-tile in the
[launchers.md](https://github.com/Skxxtz/sherlock/blob/main/docs/launchers.md)
file where this is demonstrated.
<br>
Inner functions were implemented for

- Pomodoro Timer (start/stop, reset)
- Music Player Launcher (previous and next action)

### Minor Features

- `debug.restart` Sherlock action for daemon modes to return memory back to the
  os. Especially useful after using emoji launcher, since it keeps a lot of
  widgets in memory (there's no way around that...).

- Restructured and improved entire startup process. This may cause short-term
  issues but increases startup time and efficiency.

- Disabled mode switching when run using `sub-menu` flag. This locks Sherlock
  into the specified sub menu. This feature was polled in our discord server.

- Added recursive icon paths

<br>

## 🐞 BUGS

- Fixed issue where a bunch of flags wouldn't work in daemon mode, including `--sub-menu`, `--version`, and `--help`

- Fixed startup delay caused by icon theme loading in custom icon paths. This
  was due to a full rescan made by GTK when `add_search_path` is used.

<br>

## 🔧 REFACTOR

-

<br>

## 📚 Documentation

-

<br>
